this video is made possible by the
following cuties you can check out the
gear they provide to me in the
description below
hey guys Jimmy here and welcome back to
dirt rally - for another video
so in today's video I'm gonna be setting
myself a challenge very much in the same
vein as the challenge proposed to me by
Sam a couple of days ago thanks again by
the way for the great feedback and
leverage I'm really glad you guys
enjoyed it and that chalice just to see
just how close I can get to a worldwide
stage record here on dirt rally now
first of all I gotta tell you that
whilst I really enjoy the dirt games I
am nowhere near the quick guys generally
when I play this unless I've really
grind out a stage which I'm gonna be
doing today I tend to be about 20
seconds off the web the record pace for
a stage 15 seconds if I have a good run
dirt it's one of those games where you
have to really memorize a stage to get
those extreme time but that is the
purpose of the video to see that with
memorization of a stage and car a little
tips and tricks for a certain stage can
I even get close the stage that I'm
going to be doing this on today is C
fuller Mountain that's M because very
fast very flowing and definitely one of
those stages where commitments don't
give you a lot of time so hopefully I'll
do a few runs through I'm gonna pick up
a bit of time compared to the record
holder and given that the Queen will
come and break my legs if I don't pick
this car I figured I'm gonna go with the
Aston Martin v8 Vantage gt4 and the
rally GT class loads of power rear-wheel
drive but not much weight means distinct
slides about a lot especially on this
kind of gravelly stage but really I have
to times to be of course of bust Aston
Thomas of which is a 253 and the fastest
overall time a two forty five point six
and in order for me not to be sitting
here but ever I'm gonna be the time I
spend on this to about an hour or so so
well no let's see how we do for Queen
and country
now the first run fruit for me is pretty
much gonna just be a wreck I don't
really expect to be anywhere near the
fast times at all it's more just
learning the stage and getting used to
the car before I can really start to
push but will keep it in - you guys can
see kind of where the starting point is
so time to my first excuse I think the
only time I've driven this car was at
the dirt rally - kind of media launch
event which happened this time last year
and that was in the number least version
of the game so good excuses out the way
I guess let's see how we do oh she
sounds good
right Simon let's try and memorize the
stage as we go and trying to have decent
page through this just get an idea of
where we're going you know Wow okay
rear-wheel drive is always fun in dirt
what has happened there fact there it is
the handbrake so much power but no
traction
it's exactly what Ronnie car should be
it's already a hundred and ten mile an
hour and dirt I'm worried about one more
gear to go yet so this section is going
to be proper commitment down here then
to the hip and where's a hairpin see how
unsure Oh
don't spin it so reminder to minute 45
to beat I got a feeling me to be quite
away off that on our first attempt but
the time is too important time for other
said it's just about learning the stage
and not doing too much of that just
trying to get through one piece heck
heck heck Fenster support avoid it it's
gonna be a really fast section this not
the signpost oh my god flashbacks to
this challenger Sam there oh god I hate
the unseen happens oh Jesus definitely
unsaved well I stopped at least let me
through
well this we know now that our next time
has definitely be quicker I've got my
cats except Tilly concentrate well we're
whatever time we've got we can take 21
seconds of it to not worry the best
first-run fruit
[Music]
it's good to highlight the problem areas
in your bracket I won't do that twice oh
my god
you can go quite a long way before the
car is unrecoverable and says the
sliding that is well we will open the
record not surprising given that we
literally crash that's has got big ass
as well so gotta be careful signing it
like that I might tag a tree or
something not the sign so I will finish
even with 21 seconds off my time tree 18
if we take away my my big mistake we
just still a mile off where we need to
be there let's actually see just out of
curiosity where we are there if we check
the leaderboard so with that time we'd
be free hundred twenty first in the
world 53 seconds of where we need to be
but that's my first time from the stage
in that car I'm very confident with
second attempts gonna be quicker he says
not being actually confident but if we
can lock 20 seconds off that in the next
attempt that's just that's pretty much
my goal now because the penalty and then
we'll just keep trying to find time
beyond then I'm gonna try a second gear
start actually the first is pretty sure
I might change that later on actually
putting away a lot happens it shifts
right away so we know now that I can
take quite a bit commitment for a lot of
these corners just as how much is Aston
cos slides gonna be careful they're
really slow soft it wants to spin maybe
like try second gear in the reso bit so
just maybe just tap the cluster a bit
first kid just was a little bit too
Revie I'm not quite able to slow it down
for there though same same issue with
laughs on this kind of wiggled around
there Veronica thrashing down made to do
that bit better two seconds up already
that's nice that's not so nice this
tightness five is definitely like a five
and yeah I didn't so down for it try
this actually so damp this is time where
is it
that's so hard to see I was still Austin
lost a ton of time slowing down Fritton
but I didn't go flying off there I'm not
gonna go flying off here E but that
should be the easy 30 seconds or so
gained in the best time that's per shot
all we could roll or we could just roll
it into five right to back rest first
plate your five-second penalty a man
shut up fell off crash put it the
opportunity there this has changed my
gearing flight so now we shouldn't be
topping out hopefully in the fast stuff
see what sort of top speed we get now
this new gearing I feel like we're still
gonna need some more just 140 mile an
hour nearly bloody hell don't slide down
slide down slide is not fly as much
inside kind of slowed it down on tonight
and I think I think eating it round and
sliding it's quite hard to recover and
accelerate quickly cause that trail is
so our second continue continue right be
careful with this five coming up it's
it's so deceptive that corner I was
worrying about hitting the crowd was
second there but then I realized I
wasn't in the Mustang so we should be
okay that was nice into their front like
a breaking point it seems
breaking a bit over the crest sir so
what's going here to use crest it's to
slow down a little bit
I feel unsure what's coming next use a
gravity as a crash you know it's going
uphill for a split second there you go
plus 31 seconds on miles 31 seconds
that's what we like to see that's not
same place as last time man it's not
aiming at the trees of it you can use a
bit of the undergrowth here it's trying
to be kind of a bit smoother for the
sections Kabat more speed you know
like I'm really eat through there big
improvement down to a free o8 so taking
a big chunk of time off there we're
still 18 seconds or so off the fastest
Aston but we are gaining time that's
hopefully going to come with this
learning the stage a bit more that puts
us up to 56 in the world so not bad
we've moved up quite a significant chunk
now so the next big marker for us is if
we can get maybe two seconds off let's
try get into the top 40 top 43 seconds
off that time I think that's still
definitely talking to be heads
especially because I rolled on the stage
and also because in the flour stuff I'm
being a little bit too aggressive on the
front and spinning coming out or getting
a little bit sideways coming out so I'm
gonna try and work on that a bit more
now for this next attempt righty let's
not hit things this time that's the
strap easier there you go that's better
didn't just send into the barrier this
time no you can totally cut that I think
I flat all the way from here oh damn it
too quick into the fence I've got even
longer on the gears this time so we
should hopefully get better than varnish
now coming down here toss me before like
130 something something we can get there
quicker now
don't hit the feds football that's a
buddy break and point for that know
where the breaking point is man still
missing it so we're up a little bit now
I'm not sure how much boy
I miss the sector
isn't the talk to bring me out of there
a bit see how I'm have to really
concentrate per Section seven seconds
there nice early too early no just clip
the rock on the inside
how annoying that's a good run through
that just a tiniest error there just
goes to show there's a lot of speed
though a lot of speed he had two finds
I'm still I'm still up my last time so
305 so we go quicker annoyingly
annoyingly we lost a lot of time there
have a spin for about six seven seconds
ever spin I think so the sub
three-minute time looking like it's
definitely possible that's them of moves
up a little bit in the leaderboard those
that bus is up to Pippa / P 41 nice so
we're nearly in the top 40 gods keep
pushing if we can get rid of that muster
a mistake I reckon we can probably break
in maybe even so top 20 we can get rid
of that mistake right let's try and get
this this sub free minute shall we
I believe Aston like
it deployed on my brakes too early there
you can see what these result is it's
quite hard to get out of a corner you
got to cut that corner there man you got
to cut it for the speeders to hit the
fence
god damn fence man me and that fence
don't get on oh [__] me left oh my god
ass don't crash now Jimmy man pushing a
rally car is difficult man I got no idea
how the WRC guys do in real life is
mental
[Music]
all right very long
it's a fight what long
it is 676 left 120
yeah some fruit
it's a six what people can I give again
oh my god that was spooky
[Music]
come on Aston be speedy give me all the
top speed you got I've got a second up
on our previous time which is really
quick through here so if we can just not
spin just there you go right push to the
end now nice way under three minutes sir
two 57.9 that is a big improvement there
finally fecking got through the stage
similar lot to me about 15 minutes edges
to get for the stage once we go up now
to p17 nice piece 17 how far are we off
now that the fastest Aston that's still
quite away he's I'm 53 I've done 57 so
there's four seconds to find mine I
might be able to be the fastest Aston
right now I am the fifth fastest Aston
as I counted there so definitely still
time to find just got a go quicker and
not make as many little mistakes it's
tricky though it's hard man really
pushed as hard as I can and any mistake
here especially these high speeds you
just crunch but still 12 seconds off the
leader that's that's astounding that
guys wrap it let's see if we can knock
any more time off it's gonna have to be
proper speed now so using the bank there
to slow myself down worked really well
I'm not gonna question it all right
don't tell anyone no Bank a good run for
those no she pick up the bank heave it's
like carrot speed
there you go much better breaking into
the time now fruit here was pretty quick
so assembly how to improve for this
session about just try I guess loses a
little speed as possible now over this
fast they're given flats be brave oh
wait no that's not the fast isn't 255
255 point free there just took two in a
bit seconds off I went to silent the
last part of that my brain was just in
overload mode there go as quick as we
can where's that purse that puts us up
into p9 the leaderboard and importantly
only two seconds off the fastest time
now the third fastest Aston Martin this
guy is this out of reach there's no
chance that maybe we can become the
fastest after mine I mean you got about
50 minutes left of this now but I'm
keeping up to my one hour limit so I've
really got to find something special now
come on
we can do this that's like IRA
fruitiness is there gonna get more and
more difficult the time you gain each
time just becomes less and less
into six left law
it's a Panna it is six o'clock it to
fight went on
in two 6s long
into 6 ft long oh sure I killed the
crowd we must die now boys [__] fences
man I want to just go fast [__] how the
good run - how could have been an
improvement
turn your balance to six white my Fitbit
thinks I've done 10,000 steps it's a lie
opens through narrow gate 13 turn one
left open sooner gate 126 left of a dip
opens into six right 17
door opens
/ difficult no capped over finish to
stop
[Music]
oh I made a mistake don't get it though
I made a mistake at the end tips you
free
oh I've got a feeling it's like a fifty
three zero or something oh my if I
didn't make the mistake at the end that
would've been mine dude oh three six I
can't do this now I know I can do this
opens of a crest 30 turn late Pepe left
right six right doll
keep middle of a crest intersects white
and keep right over 200
very long mr. Navin right
[Music]
in just six o'clock
into five worked on
using the the cheese straps of it
[Music]
there's can't get going straight there
for crying out loud oh there goes all my
time I gained
I'll continue anyway
and fight theft on 150
[Music]
let's do a crest
42 and unseen would write
woods through narrow gate 32
one left open soon arrogate 126 left of
a dip
into five right of a crest extra extra
long opens of a crest 50
middle of a Christ what a bird
keep left of a crest jump 120 Christ
jump
but five point
just six knife - don't cut
oh Christ big jump 44 left on opens into
six right 70
falleth gone 13
six right opens long into slow six left
at 6:00 right garnet times turn three
lock opens at 30
I clicked on opens
but gone at plucky's 54 great techniques
fight left very long
for cut
define right of aggressed it defied left
on cultured or capped over finish to
stop
yeah saralyn's oh my god there are still
time to be gains but I have gone well
over my hour and like cannot afford to
stay here and keep doing this but the
guys looking at leaderboard they're all
is fifth in the world still seven
seconds of the fastest guy you gotta
think maybe he's doing something a
little bit special there to give that
time but there you go
fastest after my v8 Vantage in the world
through fuller Mountain the centered but
it's it's a record in so little way guys
I hope you enjoyed that that was a lot
of fun and very challenging I might have
to go ever and what we have to have a
shower after this it's very warm in here
now but I hope you enjoyed this sort of
video it's fun to challenge myself like
this and if you like it maybe we'll try
and do some more in the future maybe a
group B car think we more challenging
than this car but yep if you enjoyed it
hit the like button if you want to see
more stuff like this feel free to
subscribe and hit that Bell notification
icon because you might then that you see
a video and as always I should say a
massive gargantuan thank you to my
patrons and sponsors because they let me
do its kind of fun stuff for a living
take care have an awesome day see you
all next time
[Music]